ClickHouse-JS 0.1.1 - Keep Alive docs (#1295)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/en/integrations/language-clients/nodejs.md

TLS in the repository.

## Keep Alive

By default, client enables Keep-Alive in the underlying HTTP agent. 
If you are experiencing `socket hang up` errors, there are several options to resolve this issue:

* Increase the value of the `keep_alive_timeout` server setting (`config.xml`), as by default it could be as little as 3s.
This could help if your application idles for slightly more than the default server setting. 
However, it is not always possible to increase it (for example, no access to server's `config.xml`), 
and this setting shouldn't be increased to unreasonable values, 
and even then a particular request can happen at an unfortunate timing.
Expired socket detection feature can help in such situations.

* Enable expired socket detection and retry mechanism in the client:
```ts
const client = createClient({
  keep_alive: {
    enabled: true,
    // should be slightly less than the `keep_alive_timeout` setting in server's `config.xml`
    // default is 3s there, so 2500 milliseconds seems to be a safe client value in this scenario
    // another example: if your configuration has `keep_alive_timeout` set to 60s, you could put 59_000 here
    socket_ttl: 2500,

>     retry_on_expired_socket: true,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // default: false
    retry_on_expired_socket: true,
```

and [mutual](https://github.com/ClickHouse/clickhouse-js/blob/main/examples/mutual_tls.ts)
TLS in the repository.

## Keep Alive

By default, client enables Keep-Alive in the underlying HTTP agent. 
If you are experiencing `socket hang up` errors, there are several options to resolve this issue:

> * Increase the value of the [keep_alive_timeout](https://clickhouse.com/docs/en/operations/server-configuration-parameters/settings#keep-alive-timeout) ClickHouse server setting in `config.xml`, as by default it could be as little as 3s.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Increase the value of the [keep_alive_timeout](/docs/en/operations/server-configuration-parameters/settings.md/#keep-alive-timeout) ClickHouse server setting in `config.xml`, as by default it could be as little as 3s.
```
